Update iot-hub-tls-support.md (#89369)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-hub/iot-hub-tls-support.md

## IoT Hub's server TLS certificate

> During a TLS handshake, IoT Hub presents RSA-keyed server certificates to connecting clients. Its root is the Baltimore Cybertrust Root CA. Since the Baltimore root is at end-of-life, we will be migrating to a new root called DigiCert Global G2 in 2023. This will impact all devices currently connecting to IoT hub. To prepare for this migration and for all other details, see [IoT TLS certificate update](https://aka.ms/iot-ca-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a TLS handshake, IoT Hub presents RSA-keyed server certificates to connecting clients. Its' root is the Baltimore Cybertrust Root CA. Because the Baltimore root is at end-of-life, we'll be migrating to a new root called DigiCert Global G2. This change will impact all devices currently connecting to IoT Hub. To prepare for this migration and for all other details, see [IoT TLS certificate update](https://aka.ms/iot-ca-updates).
```
